## Overview
CCPrism front end is based on vue3 with component style imported from elementUI.This project is desinged to visualize the relations between java code and code comments automatedly generated by CCPrism. 
User choose a particular json file and set the interpret button on. Then, move the mouse over the comment chips and the code words contribute most to the chip will be in the same color.

## Demo
Demo url: https://ccprism.github.io/web/  
This is a demo of CCPrism. We choose 10 code chips, when click the interpret button, the server will inspect the code and response with comments and corresponding relations.  
My comment function remains but no comment is send to our server.


## Usage
In the user study stage, json format file and java code file can be uploaded in the web.

### Json file
Json mode is designed for volunteers to verify the reliability of CCPrism. The json file consists of code, comments, and the relations between them. When the interpret button is clicked, the web switches display mode without http request.Besides, detailed information will be collected,such as user input time of each code chip and the time when users are typing.

### Java code file
Java code mode is designed for user to generate the comment from their local code online. When the interpret button is clicked, the web will send a request to the server, and comments and detailed relations will be in the response. No more information will be collected.
## How to run the project
```
npm run install
npm run serve
```
use `npm run build` to get the production version
## Structure
The web code is stored in the src folder
```
-src
    -components
        -code_blob.vue #interpreted code logic
        -comment_blob.vue
        -comment_cotainer.vue #comment logic
        -main.vue #user interaction logic
    -plugins
        -element.js #elementUI
    -App.vue #combine components
    -main.js #package manage
    -store.js #vuex state store
    -tools.js #tool functions

```

